This is a head-gum original.
What are you guys' greatest strengths?
Couldn't hear the theme song.
I know we started playing.
Yeah.
What are you guys' greatest strengths?
I'm good at reading people.
That's not true.
Really?
I think Marieka sounds.
Yeah.
And then you did.
So not I was gonna.
I just think that in addition to Marieka and Ali,
I'm pretty fine at assessing social situations.
I was the first one to note that.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
That's not reading people. That's hearing a sound or not.
Then fucking algebra.
And are you good at seventh grade math?
Can you solve for C?
I think so.
Damn, Daniel!
What energy are you bringing to this today, Jeffrey?
I'm scattered.
I'm spread across too many items.
Then just like, yeah.
What do you have for the rest of the day?
I don't want to talk about it.
What did you do yesterday?
Glad you asked.
Why, we don't have to talk about me.
All right, I'm just the host. Why don't we talk about you?
What do you guys have going on?
What's that?
I think we're just concerned.
I'm fine.
It's like the image of me is that I'm always falling apart at the scenes.
Like it's all fine.
Like this is on the books.
We're recording the episode.
I have some shit planned.
Let's just do that.
Let's get through that.
Let's make it through the day in one piece.
Okay.
Ali, can I ask what the calendar is behind you?
Oh, my God.
It's her beefly loaded.
That's what my thought was going to be.
Yes.
Wow.
I truly just from the bottom half.
I was like, I think this is from her beefly loaded.
It isn't too bad.
It's a 2006 calendar.
It's the price.
It's the best thing I've ever bought on eBay.
I love that.
Also, we're same director as the director of depths.
Continue, Jeff.
So, guys.
What's the worst thing you've ever bought on eBay?
Oh, you know, the saddest thing I ever bought on eBay.
And it's sad because I bought Titanic the board game.
And is there any way you can win that board game without like drowning?
If you're first class.
Okay.
So it's just about how much money you have.
It's basically the game of life.
Well, I never got to play it.
It got delivered to the wrong address.
And it was like sincerely of bummer.
I was really excited about all the intricate pieces.
I would be too.
I'm here to pay attention.
I remember I used to play board games with my buddy growing up.
But we were like nine.
So his older sister would have to read the rules and explain it to us.
Like at age nine, you don't know how the board games work.
That was actually kind of a...
Yeah.
It's like full and authentic.
But treasently.
One time.
We're paying attention.
She was reading the instruction.
Almost herself.
Yeah.
And then I'm like, okay.
So what are the rules?
30 year old girls?
That's the thing when you're 30 months.
It doesn't really matter.
Can we just fight?
What other people's adding?
He's sort of had that angst.
But like I was working.
I was working.
About to understand the rules of a board game at age nine.
Yeah.
I'd be like, okay.
Now it's hard.
It's hard to like, yeah.
Right.
You need an adult.
I'm just like, to hurt.
To me, like, this 13 year old girl was the adult.
But I was hoping she was reading it to herself and would now
like, like, like, synthesize the information and explain it to me.
I was just like, no, that was it.
I have fun playing the game.
Well, I didn't really understand the game because you were sort of muttering to yourself,
reading it to yourself.
Right.
And the hard part is that, like, when you're nine and a 13 year old,
like you said, is an adult.
But like, because, like, a 13 year old can babysit a nine year old, right?
But ultimately, like, if they didn't care enough to explain the rules to you,
it is all mute, right?
Yeah.
You're.
I don't know.
You're like a dating, I think.
How do you figure?
What do you mean?
You're just sort of replaying what I told you without actually,
actually adding anything to the conversation.
You're just, and also barely even synchronizing what you're saying.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's very, like, shallow.
And then it's like right back at me.
And then the one question you had, the follow-up,
was just right question mark, which is not really a question.
You're just asking me if I was telling the truth.
Fuck.
Let's.
So no second data mirror.
I mean, I'm down to hang out at, as friends,
going forward.
Up.
This is the core for it.
Don't fucking blow it.
The bottom of the week is George Santos.
Okay.
Because he, he's an Ivy League.
Which iteration?
Current.
Like today's George Santos.
He's a master of duplicity.
So I think he'd be a good spy.
And he could get the physical training.
That's the easy part.
All you have to do is what?
Do a couple of setups.
He's a jack of all trades and a master of duplicity.
Give me Adrian Wojdorowski in a fedora.
He's looking slow.
He's looking tan.
He's looking right.
It's got inside information.
What is the NBA tread deadline.
But spying on one another.
He's already an international super spy of sorts.
Hmm.
Marika.
Adrian Brody.
Oh, two agents.
Yeah.
What about this for James Bond?
Adrian.
Sylvester Stallone, or just you doing an impression of Rocky as James Bond?
Okay.
I'm going to do Adrian Maloof from Real Housewives of Beverly Hills season 1.
Triple Adrian.
What?
Shut up.
What are you talking to?
You.
I want more from Ali and Marika.
They barely said anything.
You've barely let us.
I've barely.
I barely said anything.
That's part of why this episode sucks.
Amir has been taking up the most space.
And he's not letting any of us get a word in edge wise.
You guys talk.
I don't want to talk today.
You guys fucking talk.
The space is there.
Take it.
I can offer this space.
But if you don't take it, then no one says anything.
And then it's about episode.
I'm tired of everybody saying that I'm the reason why this is such a hard show to guest on.
It's actually pretty fucking easy if you have the goal.
Ryan?
Who?
Nevermind.
She's like right there.
Why didn't anybody say anything?
I think we're just digesting too much.
So I'm not.
I don't feel comfortable in this space.
I don't feel like you weren't welcome in this space.
Yeah.
You also didn't sort of like present any content.
Present any content.
Yeah.
There's nothing to talk about.
And then it's like people get worried because depending on what they bring up, I might jump down the throat.
Correct.
Right.
Per popular mechanic, scientists just discovered a literal hell.
Located at.
Los Angeles, California.
Can't save my address.
I'll be asleep.
Everybody.
No, but they did detect a new molten layer of earth.
About a hundred miles beneath the surface.
Ali, what do you think?
Sounds like you got to get a guy to come and check out and check it out.
Nice.
That made me think of.
I yourself.
That's really good.
Yeah.
I feel like that.
Or not.
Not for some reason.
I didn't.
That just wasn't.
That wasn't something I wanted to hear.
Okay.
Do you guys remember when someone in New York fell into a pit full of rats?
It was like they fell into one of those.
Like, I don't know.
Like, basement opening things that's on the street.
And it was full of rats.
Oh my god.
To me, that's the new layer of hell.
Remember when they put Ben Marger and a truck full of snakes?
Who?
I honestly don't care.
Do you?
No.
Nice.
What?
You know, the Milania reference, right?
I don't know.
I like that joke.
I remember that coat.
That's a kind of thing.
It looked like that.
It was last step.
Last steps, everyone.
I've got about half left.
What is that?
A Budweiser heavy?
Polar, cranberry lime.
How's the office today?
Good.
Got in, Mike, and I did some light construction work on our desks.
Immediately.
Oh yeah.
You took down a little divider.
It was way harder than it should have been.
But we both had to crawl on the floor.
It was a whole thing.
Never hear.
It's good.
It was nice to see the space a couple weeks ago.
Shot some videos, had some meetings.
A lot of podcasts and going on and there.
Yeah, lots going on.
It was fun having a lot of people in the office.
This is like a fun topic of conversation.
We sort of, oh, we can't hear you Jeff.
We brought together.
It's your own company.
It took you a year to get to the New York office after moving in.
So let's just, that says a lot about your leadership style.
You're not willing to go cross country because what you think New York is like hard to exist in
because you've been spoiled by, by the way, living at,
there's can't say that.
Sorry.
Yeah.
I just, I'm just saying I would, I would have a different leadership style.
And I'm just saying you would never be a leader because you can't even host a podcast.
An expensive invasive new cosmetic surgery can help you grow on three to six inches taller.
However, it requires breaking both females.
We talked about this before.
I saw a Ripley's believe it or not segment about this years ago.
It's so, it's crazy.
It's a, it's also I recently found out a medical procedure to help people even out their legs.
Like, I guess Rivers Cuomo, the lead singer of Wieser, had this done because he had one leg.
That was like one to two inches shorter than the other.
So they had to break his bone insert a pole and then like it would stretch a little bit.
Then the bone would grow stretch a little bit.
But it's like incredibly time consuming and painful.
So to do it, just to add height is kind of crazy.
Yeah, but don't you think that that was him trying to like do like the deviated, deviated septum excuse?
Like, I'm pretty sure he's like out of nowhere.
Four or six five.
Like, he did that for the height.
But then he blamed it on like mismatched legs.
No, he was getting pretty bad arthritis in his hip because of his uneven legs.
Nah, I mean even regrets doing his 5 foot 9.
Sorry, attic arthritis, sir.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Discuss.
America's don't want to...
Discuss!
Americans don't want to work anymore.
Just want to flag my address, came up twice.
Yeah.
So you want me to, when I'm editing it, no to believe it up both times.
Yeah, are you the editor still or have we got that responsibility off to somebody?
No, it's me.
Video.
It's also grace.
Edits the audio.
That's true.
Hard so.
What's the work flow there?
It's so unclear.
Well, not really.
It's that I do the assembly cut and then I send her the tracks and she mixes them.
And then whatever she's the mixer, what's that?
So you edit the audio and she lines up the video to that or you cut the audio
and the video at the same time.
Okay, picture lock everything.
Right.
And then she mixes it.
So she makes it sound good.
A little bit easier.
You asked a question.
I was answering it.
You cut me off.
Right.
Everything's locked to the picture.
Everything is assembled the way it is.
So it's not going to change.
Once I send it to her.
She just mixes the little beeping.
I don't even get to the mute of it.
I'm responsible for the beeping.
I'm responsible for the sound effects.
I'm responsible for everything you hear.
She's responsible for how you hear it.
You know what I mean?
It's so it's Thursday, February 9th.
Is this episode going up tomorrow?
Sure.
The first two times we tried to do this.
You interrupted me.
Just then.
I prompted you to respond.
You took a little bit too long to respond.
Yeah.
What you don't understand is the flow of conversation.
So when I'm doing the assembly later, I'm going to have to fix that.
So the timing will take you to it.
So I'm just going to put straight to it.
Cut it.
Get her nine hours.
Just go straight into it after the eight or nine hours is mostly
Jeff putting his current computer in the freezer.
So that he can upload a YouTube video.
Yeah.
How's the fan?
It's so much worse than it was even a week ago.
Like literally last night I was editing a video.
It was like a 30 second clip.
Computers crashing.
It's getting so hot that it's scalding my lap.
Top.
Have you asked Marty for a new computer?
No.
Are you going to get a new computer though?
I'm going to get a new computer though.
Guys, Americans don't want to work.
Like I don't know what that's coming from.
If it's a product of like unemployment like from the pandemic.
Like people getting $2,000 a month.
Like we neither need.
I'm sorry to like to bring that back or start executing fuckers.
To bring what back.
Bring.
Either we get $2,000 from the government or you want to.
You mask execute.
Just people.
Yeah.
Whether they're working or not.
Right.
It's like how when you fuck up on a sports team.
And then everyone has to work out because of you.
You feel way worse than the punishment.
Sure.
Yeah.
People want to.
My teacher made us all run over a mile.
Tiny little children run over a mile.
Because one kid misbehaved in class.
I was pulled out.
I was pulled out of that class mid year.
Well that's because you got up to the higher academic track.
Let's be honest.
I mean, you went to an Ivy League.
Not really.
Well it was covered in Ivy.
Yeah.
It's true.
You went to an Ivy League.
No.
But the school was covered in Ivy.
Correct.
He's not around.
loser.
A millionaire dentist took his wife on Safari.
Only one of them returned alive.
Which one do you guys think came back?
The wife.
Really?
Yeah.
Why?
Because he was sort of like trying to fix a lion's mullers.
Uh, I'm assuming it was all a very smart toy from her to get his money.
Yeah.
Um.
Ali, what do you think?
I wanted to be her, but I feel like it was him.
I feel like he probably let her have the window seat of the Safari car and something got too close.
Hmm.
It's a good point.
Do you think it was like the movie Beast with Eater's Alba?
No.
Like a crazy lion on the loose could have been.
Some movie where it just elbow was a genie.
And I swear like in a few years time, I will even remember.
Probably a land like swearing can help you get a head in fever dream.
Yeah.
That told us one time.
What else?
Weird.
That was a crazy film.
It was good.
Why did they make that?
Yeah.
It will be weird.
It'll be weird to think about it in a decade.
Yeah.
You were told to sell the Swintbell and love with Alba.
That's a genie.
What's that?
Nothing.
There's something hundred years of longing.
Yeah.
I really hope that director or something was famous because there's no other reason to make that film.
Sometimes you have a passion project.
Do you know?
Perthia Atlantic swearing can help you get ahead in life.
Let's start there.
Swearing?
Four letter words.
Yeah.
How?
I didn't read the article.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Marika, let's hear some of your favorite four letter words.
Um, I mean, I'm honestly a huge fan of, uh, using the word,
Kant as a curse word.
I think it's really funny.
Like calling somebody that or just saying it like when you stub your toe.
Either one.
Probably more of the latter.
Yeah.
The latter is really funny.
Let's see that.
Amir.
See what?
I'm here.
Can you reenact that?
Yeah.
Me stubbing a toe and yelling Kant.
Ah Kant.
Nice.
Or like Kantee.
But even for that situation too, that's kind of funny.
Well, you know, who in the office do you guys think is like,
Nevermind.
Oh my god.
Computer heating up.
Yes.
When do you get that new one?
Uh, next week.
Like you already ordered it.
Yeah.
Is it one of the new ones that just came out?
I don't know.
Please don't let me know if you just bought it.
Also why is it taking so long to arrive?
Yeah.
You can order them.
Oh.
Uh, because you can order them and then they are, uh, take a while to ship.
Yeah.
Just take a break.
Ah.
So soft.
Nothing was clean.
Everybody was moving and talking at the same time.
About something else entirely.
Yeah.
I look forward to hearing how that will cut together.
Well, come to squeal.
are you playing music or yeah yeah I don't know what having me that's really good
uh this the name of the game is squeal or no squeal so I'm gonna play a sound and you're
gonna tell me if it's a squeal or not does that make sense yeah
no that's only real that's a squeal that's a squeal no yeah yes it is that was
squeal for sure I'd love the dictionary that's not a squeal that's not a squeal
that was not a squeal
fucking horse you fucking horse that was you
all right where did you record that uh that was ultimately it
oh sorry squeal or no squeal come on we got a lot of these to get to no correct
no wide cream no squeal no
that's a squeal
I'll go to school.
That was no squeal.
So they're following me.
There's only one squeal.
So far.
Correct, that's not a squeal.
What is that?
I might go to a squeal.
No squeal.
I'm so sorry.
Genuinely one of the worst games you've ever come up with.
No squeal.
Absolutely correct.
squeal.
That's a squeal.
How is that?
Not a squeal.
Correct.
What?
Was the last one a squeal or not?
I said that.
But we had multiple guesses.
Oh, it was a squeal.
That's applause.
That's like a bird.
That's a squeal.
A squeal.
That's really good.
No squeal.
Oh my God.
I think this is the episode that convinces people to stop listening to this show.
This is the worst episode we've ever done.
I disagree.
Yeah, I disagreeed up until this game.
You thought it was going well before this?
I thought it was going fine.
It took too much time.
squeal.
That's going to be no squeal.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, that's like a pig.
So squeal.
No squeal.
How is the squeal?
Squeal.
No.
It's a car.
It's burning.
Yeah.
Well, it could be.
That could be categorized as a squeal.
That's not a squeal.
How many more of these are there?
Correct.
What's that?
How many more of these are there?
There's like 10 more minutes of this.
Squeal.
No squeal.
That was awful.
Yeah, it was.
I hated that.
No squeal.
Correct.
I also hate that.
I have to go.
No squeal.
That was a squeal.
No.
None of these have been me, by the way.
Even the worst one was not me.
But that's not a squeal.
Let's last squeal for sure.
It's not a squeal.
We can jump.
No squeal.
Plugs.
Wow.
My gosh.
Twenty-nine minutes.
Us.
We can jump.
Just.
Oh, look at chicken isn't it.
Oh, no.
No.
You said you had things planned.
That was it.
Squeal or no squeal.
Yes.
I thought that would take a while that we would talk within the segment.
Instead of all we did was squeal.
You.
You said we took too long.
And took three times.
Yeah.
We got to get to the end of this thing.
Think of something else.
Okay.
This is how the sausage is made.
Going back to board games.
Did you know that Candyland was invented for kids who were like who had polio and to be able.
It's so easy that they can teach themselves it.
Like little little kids who can't read yet.
So that could have come in handy when a mirror was a child.
Yeah.
It was all in the polio.
I mean, most board games are pretty self-explanatory, especially like back then.
They just just like slap like Simpson's branding on a regular board game.
And it's always just like roll the dice and pick up a card.
There wasn't much more at it to it.
I guess Simpson's not believe that was cool.
All right.
That is fairly simple, too.
Jeff, how's that for waxing?
It's pretty good actually.
Pertinent interesting fun fact that I knew about it.
What I'm sitting here feeling is that Candyland has always sort of bested my ass.
Like he never asked about.
That sucks to learn.
What's that?
He never used to win.
Never used to understand the instructions.
Never used to know how to play.
So to hear that it was invented for kids with polio.
To be able to understand without any adult supervision or explanation.
Permir.
I didn't say that.
Candyland's kid.
Candyland scared me as a child.
Because of that.
The swamp.
Yeah.
I like it.
That guy.
Yeah.
Maria Diabetes.
So she was afraid of anything sweet.
Just a little goof.
Do you guys ever get into Catan?
That was a big thing.
I a decade ago.
Hate settlers of Catan.
I think it made me hate board games.
Wow.
Anytime my friends.
Like sick just playing a board game.
I'm like I'm good actually.
Hold on.
What about like a game night?
Haven't had one in a while.
That didn't involve like video games.
Okay.
That's fair.
I mean, I was going to lob up.
What the fuck was it called?
The one we played with Jeff.
Rubin when he called you America.
The last game.
Yeah.
That was the last game.
I was thinking jackbox.tv.
Jackbox was also fun.
Quiplash had its nice moment in the early early pandemic.
Are we in a nostalgic for the early pandemic yet?
Or is that sort of...
I am.
Or not early.
Those first three months.
I was like sad as shit, but I was having a great time.
Because you were bored.
Like you didn't have anything to do.
Yeah.
It's the opposite of now.
You just woke up and you're like what now?
I'm just a free agent until question mark question mark.
It also is...
We all had a bunch of...
Well, maybe not everybody.
But a lot of people had extra walking around money because there was no walking around.
You know what I mean?
There was no going anywhere.
Let me finish.
Sorry.
There was...
You couldn't go anywhere, basically.
So like...
There was no going out to eat.
There was no going out to get drinks.
Like that stuff adds up.
All you had was to get groceries delivered.
I feel like I spent way too much money on food because I was getting stuff delivered.
I've had to really try hard to pair that back from really pandemic.
Which I'm not nostalgic for.
Well, what was the most normal life?
A more the most...
A more the most pandemic.
A more an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an o a a an an an an an an an a an an an an an an an an an an an
an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an an a an an an an an an an an an an an an an Ana
That's what I said, man.
What was that like in me?
What?
Oh, did you see like an uptick in Patreon subscribers?
At that time?
Oh, I don't know.
That's a good question.
Because everyone was at home and looking for stuff to do.
Yeah.
Like Riley and I started out with a digital things.
Had a boom during that.
Remember like live shows that you're like,
we're all Zoom shows at first.
Yeah, we did a review of your live show.
But also Riley and I as Patreon had like 2.5 X them out of subscribers that it has now at the time.
Interesting.
Because people didn't have anything.
There was no competition in the real life.
The steepest drop-off was yeah, like March 2021 when people started getting vaccinated.
Like as soon as people started getting vaccinated,
I think they stopped paying for it.
Because what we were doing like Zoom parties,
which we still do Patreon.com forward slash Riley and Jeff.
And now it's like as soon as you can go to a real party,
I think people stopped wanting to do that.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
I forgot about Zoom parties.
That was so weird.
I got invited to like Zoom discos.
And we would just like,
Well, we still do them.
So tread lightly.
You're like cracking up at the idea of the kind of awesome.
It was just, it was just a moment of the times.
I don't know.
I was just, and I remember being like, yep.
That's my plan.
And it's a legit plan.
Yeah.
You're funny to email people saying you're having a Zoom birthday this year.
It'd be funny if you went to the hospital soon.
Plugs.
Um, Jesus.
My Twitter, I guess.
Twitter.com.
Someone fell to me on sale.
How about that?
Uncell.
You want people pay you?
Wouldn't hurt.
I didn't know I'd ask for that.
Yeah, you could ask for anything.
You're in plucks.
It's sort of the wild west of podcasting.
Like what's your venmo?
Ali Khan.
A. L. L. L. I. E. Space dash. K. H.
Sweet.
Cardiac arrest. Ideally.
Say that again.
The hospital thing.
Ideally it's really a different kind of cardiac event.
Yeah.
Or like yeah.
I don't see that happening.
Maybe your veins just freeze.
My veins freeze.
Which is going to be an if I were you live stream.
Next week.
Yeah, Jeff, are you on that?
I know.
I'm really excited for that.
Yeah, you're not too busy here.
No, I'm not too busy for this.
It's just the timing of all this shit.
It's also hard to get three people onto a zoom.
At the same time.
Without it being like, I don't know fucking.
Angie, like nobody wants Garcia on the show.
I'm sorry.
Well, it's because it's because it's a last minute request.
Yeah.
That was good.
Anyway, yeah.
YouTube.com slash have gone.
If I were you live stream Friday.
February 17th.
Yeah.
12 p.m.
Pacific time.
It's going to be great.
It'll be a lot of fun.
I think it's our first live stream.
It's not.
It's very exciting.
It's very safe.
It's it's also not.
It's just on the floor for an episode.
For.
You guys did one during the pandemic.
You did an FRIU live stream.
Good on us.
Sure.
Like you were a episode.
Yeah.
I produced it.
Ben was there.
Pat Castle showed up.
I think Jill and Avi taught it a segment.
It was fun.
Well, that was a live show, isn't it?
It was live streamed.
For sure.
I guess I imagine that as a different thing.
It's all tickets to that.
It's a live show.
This is just like, hey, we're recording an episode.
And it's also being live streamed.
Yeah.
Which should be fun.
So what you mean?
Jeff, aren't you going to be there?
Yes.
I'm excited for that.
It's Jeff's internet slowers.
My internet slowen.
Everybody's.
I think it's Jeff.
Something's happening.
We got to get out of here.
Anybody else need any other plug?
Yeah.
Ali, Mertica, plugs.
Something.
Firejet engines are in letter boxed.
Yeah.
Make it.
Follow me on letter boxed and Twitter and Instagram.
And Venmo, repay me money, Ali Con.
At Jeffery James Lennon's room, at Jeffay already on Twitter.
We'll see you guys again next week, hopefully, bear with us.
Please just come back next week, it'll be better if you hear what it is.
That was a HIDDUM original.